Potential user Personas:
1)Young Adult who likes to go out 
2)Concerned parent
3)Victim's of spiking
4)Venue Owner
5)Healthcare Professional
6)Researcher/invesigator/journalist 

User Stories 
User Story 1: User friendly navigation and responsive design (must-have)
User story: As a First-Time Visitor of the page, I need easy navigation and a user-friendly design, including a responsive layout for my device, so I can find information quickly and efficiently without frustration.

Acceptance Criteria

The website is fully responsive across various devices and screen sizes.
Site layout and navigation are intuitive, allowing easy access to different sections.

Tasks

Apply responsive design principles using Bootstrap to ensure the website is accessible on various devices.
Arrange the site layout and navigation based on best practices, ensuring all key sections and pages are easily accessible.


User Story 2: Easily understandable list of symptoms of being spiked (must-have)
User story: As a young adult who likes to go out, I want to know what symptoms to identify if I suspect a friend or I have been spiked so that I can take action. 
Acceptance Criteria

The website provides a clear and easy-to-read list of physical and behavioral symptoms that may indicate someone has been spiked.

Tasks

Design and place card sections of physical and behavioural symptoms of being spiked using bootstrap.
Use appropriate icons/images and headings and paragraphs to make the information easily accessible. 

User Story 3: Easily actionable steps to take if I/my friend have been spiked (must-have)
User story: As a young adult who likes to go out, I want to know what steps to take if I suspect a friend or I have been spiked so that I can take action quickly. 

Acceptance Criteria

The website provides a clear and easy-to-read list of steps to take when someone shows indications of being spiked.

Tasks

Design and place card sections of the steps to take when someone has been spiked using bootstrap.
Use appropriate icons/images and headings and paragraphs to make the information easily accessible. 

User Story 4: Links & contact details of help resources (must-have)
User story: As a young adult who likes to go out, I want to know who to contact if I suspect a friend or I have been spiked so that I can get the help I need.  

Acceptance Criteria

The website provides a clear and easy-to-read list of contacts to contact in the event of someone being spiked.

Tasks

Design and place card sections of who to contact when somebody has been spiked using bootstrap.
Use appropriate icons/images and headings and paragraphs to make the information easily accessible.
Ensure the contact section is clearly visible and accessible from all parts of the website, adhering to common design standards. 

User story 5:  Learn How to Stay Safe at Parties and Events (should-have)
User story: As a young adult who likes to go out, I want to quickly access information on how to protect myself from drink spiking at parties and events,
So that I can have fun while staying safe and be aware of the risks.

User story 5: Section to see other victim's stories to build trust and a ssnse of community (could-have)
User story: As a victim of spiking, I want to read stories and experiences shared by other victims, so that I can feel less isolated, understand that others have gone through similar situations, and gain strength from their recovery journeys.

Acceptance Criteria

The website includes a section dedicated to displaying victim's stories.
The victim's stories are clearly visible and presented in a format that is easy to read and navigate.

Tasks
Using bootstrap testimonials, create a section to display pre-written victim's stories.

User story 6: Learn what spiking is (must-have)
User story: As someone who wants to know more about spiking,I want to understand what spiking is so that I can be better informed and more aware of the issue. 

Acceptace Criteria

The homepage features a prominent section to inform website user's what spiking is.
This section is easily accessible and easy to read so user's can quickly learn what spiking is. 

Tasks

Design and place an about section directly underneath the header which descibes what spiking is.














